#Query 1

##Task
Query has to analysis performance of each play and show a aggregative result of their performance in a 5 minute window.

The query has to calculate the accumulative intensity of a player and categorised it into six groups
	
| Stop | Trot | Low  | Medium | High | Sprint |
|------|------|------|--------|------|--------|
| v<=1 | v>1  | v>11 | v>14   | v>17 |        |

Final result should be write in a file as below:
	
**ts, player_id, standing_time, standing_distance, trot_time, trot_distance, low_time, low_distance, medium_time, medium_distance, high_time, high_distance, sprint_time, sprint_distance**



##Solution
In the first step we should classify the performance (absolute velocity) based on speed categories. In order to be able to compare velocity and speed, we convert speed to velocity so that we can categorised them into six groups.

We had sensor id, timestamp and velocity from input file and we were supposed to find how much time a player was running and how fast he was. So we wanted to convert this input to a intermediate output in which we could have _Distance_, _Speed_, _ts_start_, _ts_end_ so we could aggregate them to calculate the final result.

The basic idea behind it, is that we need to know what was the last value for intensity of each user. Base on it, We can distinguish the event that is difference from last state, hence, we can easily compute the duration and distance and then update the last state to current value for intensity.

Having the intermediate result, we needed to aggregate them based on 5 minute window. To do so, we used win:ext_timed and pass the timestamp to ESPER can calculate time not based on system clock but based on timestamp of input file.